feat(serverless): 502 errors (#4170)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/how-to/add-trigger-to-a-function.mdx

6. Enter a **name** for your trigger and select the **Queues (Scaleway)** type, then select your queue name.
7. Click **Create trigger** to launch trigger creation.

<Message type="note">

>   **Retry Policy:** if the Function returns a status code >= 3XX it will send the message again up to 3 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Retry Policy:** If the Function returns a status code >=3XX, sending the message will be retried up to three times.
```

6. Enter a **name** for your trigger and select the **NATS (Scaleway)** type, then select your NATS account and subject name.
7. Click **Create trigger** to launch trigger creation.

<Message type="note">

>   **Retry Policy:** if the Function returns a status code >= 3XX it will send the message again up to 3 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Retry Policy:** If the Function returns a status code >=3XX, sending the message will be retried up to three times.
```
